45, 46,000 students.
Only, what, 2,500 of them in the Corps,
approximately. I don't know how many. You've got
all those others that we need to get involved in
leadership training, and that's one of the great
things about A&M. We have it through these great
student programs that are being conducted
through the Manoa Student Center and we need to
give more attention to this and more funds to this
and more help uh in this area and uh if we don't doing
it do it we're going to make sure that we we're we're
not living up to uh the possibilities that this
brings to us in my opinion let's see anything else
yes keep going well stop in a minute so i can you know
when I was in A&M. We had no art on the campus. There
was very little thought of art, performing, or any
other kind. We had Sully. We polished regularly by
a great artist, Copini. But it was the only work of
art besides folks here which a little later came
along. were artists in residence and did great
work in giving the college some touch of art but
this was recognized and we formed during
Vandiver's time as president a commission on the
arts that was formed by him. And this was made up of
several people, quite a few people who were
leaders. George Connors, our friend in Dallas,
Henry Gilchrist,
John Lindsay, Sarah, Fort Mundeley was quite a few
people in the group and some of the staff members
and we met regularly and we decided we had to have a
art gallery, we had to have a art museum, we had to
have more art on the campus and with Jim, with Wayne
Starks backing and help we got something rolling
on that and we thought maybe we might break the ice
with the
great museum in Los Angeles.
The old man. Getty. Huh? Getty? Yeah, Getty. We
went out to see Getty Museum, talked to the
director, and we hope that we might be able to,
since he got most of his wealth from under Texas,
that he might recognize that and give some of these
countless billions, just a few million, to A&M. We
never did accomplish that, but I think we could
have had we followed it more
seriously and concentrated more on it. But we
didn't by concentrating on it. get the college to
recognize we needed a gallery and put it in the path
with the students and the Wayne Staub Gallery was a
result. Plus, we've already talked about the
great work that Wayne did along with Jim Reynolds
and and others to bring the great collection of
early American paintings
built there on the campus of London. And we got a
start, but in addition to that, through Opus, we
have had some notable successes in bringing the
Russian ballet there. That wasn't an accident.
General Reynolds was responsible for going there
and selling that and bringing those men to campus
to see how fluent they was and what a great facility
we had in the Rudder Auditorium.
But we need more of that and we need to be,
we need to get a art facility just like recently, I
understand, through the system we've tied into
with A&M at the law school in Houston. There's an
art school we can tie into and have it tied in with us
to give us some recognition in this area. Because
one thing the graduates of A&M lacked was some of
the need to know art and to what it is and have it part
of your life. And the graduate back in those days
and even today is not getting attention in that
area that he should have. It's part of anybody's
education. And we need to recognize that. Let's
quit on that. Huh? Let's quit on that. Were you
through there? Yes. All right. Thank you. Thank
you. Dean Kyle, what did Dean Kyle mean to you? Dean
Kyle was the Dean of Agriculture and known, I
think, throughout this country and this world as a
leader in agriculture. And he was part and parcel
to most everything that went on at A&M because his
voice was heard throughout the university. And he
took a very active interest in everybody in the
agricultural school. If I made the honor roll, I
got a letter from him. And my folks got letters from
him. And I have original copies if anybody wanted
to see them. He was very personal. He made
everything very personal. And later in life, when
I went leaving Anderson-Clayton. I had to decide
where I was going to go. This was right after I
graduated and I told you the story about having to
leave Anderson-Clayton because there was no work
to do. I looked around. Dean Kyle was very active
along with our old friend Sterling Evans and the
Federal Land Bank, but Of course we named the
school for him and I needn't have mentioned him.
I mentioned polo, the Calvary and the romance of
the Calvary and our polo teams when we were active
regularly in that activity too.
I was a Rhodes Scholar nominee. You never hear
about a Rhodes Scholar at A&M, and I don't believe
we've ever had a Rhodes Scholar. I don't even know
who the Rhodes Scholar nominees were over the
years. Do you? No. Somebody should look it up.
There have been some nominees, but I don't know who
they were.